Celtics got their first home win of the
season with a 194 overtime victory
against the Wizards Kevin Garnett led
the game with 20 points and 13 rebounds
but Doc Rivers attributes this win to
the efforts of Chris Wilcox who played
just under four minutes I thought we
played for the first five minutes great
and then we went back to old habits I
thought our energy was terrible I
thought Chris Wilcox saved the game for
us single handedly with his effort and I
thought it was obvious he didn't do
anything to play hard and play with
great effort and I thought that
leadership led everybody else into doing
it you know I just had to go out there
just brain energy that's what you told
me for I win the games like we need you
to bring in no sense so obvious when I
then just play harder great things
happen yeah Wilcox really changed the
game for us somebody was a tie game
until he came in there and then once he
I think he plays off for five straight
minutes and you push the lead to like
six or eight just with his energy
defensively on often Esteli you know
there's gonna be nights or some guys
aren't going to play there's gonna be
nice with guys get the call may be
sitting there all night but when they
get the car to got to be ready and I was
an example tonight I thought Chris
played great for us and I he gave us
great minutes you know for he and Jeff
knows you know in this story knowing
that journey it's inspirational to be
honest with everybody here to see
someone still get a chance at doing
something that they love and do it
passionately I was moving um and I'm
just glad he had a great night he was
able to help us and I thought he turned
the game around Jason Terry provided a
huge boost off the bench with 16 points
but Rivers said that for the first time
it was his defense that was keeping him
in the game oh that's all we ask you
know
come in he's asked to be a good score we
look to go to him he's gonna guard you
know guys often times it's gonna be
bigger to them but yes we are some fresh
the ball and he could do both we asked
him do a lot of everything he can handle
he can play off the ball but he's gonna
gar bigger guys and now he's gone he's
our six men leader off the bench any
shoulder tonight on this team that's
what it's about that's where we hang our
hat on is on the defensive end of the
court and you can see when the game was
on the line and we needed to get stops
we turned up to another level so for us
the process is can we get that level for
longer stretches of time we know we can
do it now when it's time to get the win
but can we do that in the 1st to 2nd to
3rd quarter that's going to be the test
for us but we will get there the judges
don't come out for nothing I mean we're
losing you won't see no runway none of
that but you know we needed a spark we
needed some energy and the fans
responding well to it so hopefully we
can keep flying here on Friday night
against two sixes the Celtics will be
back at TD Garden on Friday when they
host the Philadelphia seventy Sixers at
seven-thirty p.m. I'm Molly McGrath for
celtics calm